(motor buzzing)
Daddy, look!
The plane is flying so low.
That's not a real plane.
Where's my phone?
Have you seen it?
Nope. Haven't seen it.
I need to go.
Give me my phone.
I'm not finished
with my movie yet.
Look at this thing.
It's heading
right for us.
Is that one of those
flying camera things?
Another weak-hand
shooting exercise?
What is that--
twice this week?
Three times.
The instructor is supposed
to get a higher score than you.
That's why they call him
the instructor.
That's not the point.
The point is
it's a learned skill.
It's something
you can get better at.
Uh-huh.
So, why not get better?
And this has nothing
to do with you wanting
to beat the instructor's score
next time he comes?
Not at all.
You realize, of course,
he is a subject matter expert?
All he does is shoot
with his left hand.
And never at a target that's
actually gonna shoot back.
And the more I think about it,
who's to say he wasn't
born left-handed, huh?
When's he coming back?
Three months?
Well, he'd better
bring his lunch.
(Kensi whoops)
(whistles)
Impressive.
Thank you.
Sam wants to make
a name for himself
in the highly competitive world
of weak-hand shooting.
Oh, yeah? I don't really endorse
the term "weak-hand shooting."
'Cause I like to think
of myself as a gunslinger born
in the Wild West,
you know what I mean,
with a, a six-shooter
in each hand.
My trusty steed
between my legs,
riding through the sunset.
What's up, Trigger?
And yet you have
a nine-millimeter
in one hand
and a dog with
anxiety issues in the other.
What? "Anxiety issues"?
He's a bomb dog.
He doesn't have anxiety issues.
Okay, so what would you call it?
Stage fright?
I'd call it a sense of decorum.
He likes to do
his business in private.
He wants to deuce out
without you looking
at him like...
You finished hijacking
our conversation?
I wasn't hijacking
any conversation.
She started attacking
Monty out of nowhere...
You were.
Good morning, friends.
I just wanted
to wish you a happy...
Perfect timing.
Oh, we caught a case?
See you in Ops?
Sure.
Ha! She drives me so crazy.
You all right?
What? No.
What's going on?
Monty likes to do
business in private.
And she keeps wanting to label
him with anxiety issues.
And I think that labels
are, you know, dangerous.
Oh, totally.
Uh, back in junior high,
there was this huge audition
for the school musical.
And it was-- I was clearly
the frontrunner, right?
But the other guy was totally
gunning for it, and he,
you know, he was...
I'm so sorry.
I can't, I can't do it.
What?
I got to go to Ops.
So, before the audition
I killed my rival
and buried him under the stage.
Hey, you coming?
Yeah.
I need to go.
This is Antonis Cosse.
NELL: He was killed today
at a hotel in Long Beach.
ERIC:
Long Beach PD
collected video footage
from the victim's cell phone.
The victim's phone?
Yeah, the footage
was shot by a witness.
Play it, Beale.
SAM:
Remote controlled drone.
DEEKS: Wow.
The killer gets points
for originality.
Play it back
in slow-motion, Eric.
(Sam chuckles)
Drone must've had
a camera on it.
The pilot blew the charge
before Cosse could
knock it down.
Whoever did it wanted
to make sure
they hit the correct target.
So, who is this guy?
Why did we pull this case?
Because Antonis Cosse
wasn't his real name.
NELL:
ATF was on-site
because of the explosives.
But when they ID'd the victim,
they realized
his real name
was Elias Minas.
Now, Minas, as it turns
out, was a member
of the Greek terrorist
organization
Polites tin
Katapolemisi tis,
or PK.
Polites Katama who?
It's Greek
for Citizens Combat.
CALLEN:
PK's the group
that had the RPG attack
on the U.S. Embassy in Athens.
Yeah, and they have a lot
of different ideologies.
But at the core,
they're an anarchist group.
And their members are-are Greek.
Just thought I should add
to the conversation.
NELL:
Minas was a person of interest
for Homeland, which is why
they placed him
on the no-fly list.
And yet, he made it
from Greece to L.A.?
That's impressive.
Could've come by ship to Mexico
and then muled up.
ERIC:
I checked his cell phone.
No GPS data on it.
GRANGER:
Now, this guy was a high-ranking
PK member-- I want
to know what he was
doing in L.A.
and why he was killed.
NELL:
Homeland is sending
an agent familiar
with Minas to the boatshed.
Hetty would like to meet
the two of you there.
Done.
Got it.
GRANGER:
Sierra Fisher took
the cell phone footage.
Long Beach PD is holding her
and what's left of the drone.
Go do what you do.
ERIC:
Um, Nell?
Um, what?
You know.
Come on.
NELL:
I know. I'm gonna.
#Like, when?
#Like, now.
If you two don't
cut out the Ewok routine,
I'm gonna send you home.
Nell is an expert in the field
of radio controlled aircraft.
Expert, huh?
Well, more of a hobbyist really.
ERIC:
Modest much?
She's won
two Ventura County titles
in aerobatics and is
one of the finalists...
We get it, we get it.
Nell, grab your
stuff, let's go.
Okay.
Go get 'em, tiger.
(clicks tongue)
HETTY:
Let me get something straight,
Agent Rollins.
Homeland was working
with Greek authorities
to target Mr. Minas.
But yet
he was still able
to gain entrance to the U.S.?
The Greeks alerted us that
he was using a false passport
to board a plane to the U.S.
So, you just let him come?
We placed undercover
air marshals on the flight
and took him into custody
when he landed at JFK.
Minas had planned several
of PK's attacks.
He was a big get.
DEEKS:
So, let me guess.
He gave up something
on his Greek friends
so that his stay in America
could be a little less prisony?
He told us everything
he knew about PK.
Their leadership structure,
past attacks they
were involved with
and what they had planned.
The Greeks arrested two
of PK's highest ranking members
based on his intel.
And for this,
you granted him
witness protection.
Yes.
You got to be kidding me.
KENSI:
Wait a minute.
You took a known terrorist
on a no-fly list
and put him
in witness protection?
Was he, at least,
under surveillance?
I mean, did you have
a team outside
the hotel when he was killed?
What is it, Agent Rollins?
Until we were informed
this morning
that Minas had been killed,
we had no idea where he was.
He was placed in
witness protection
and given the new
name Antonis Cosse.
And then
three months ago, we lost him.
Leapfrogged through a couple
of international flights and...
he vanished.
DEEKS:
Nobody put his new name
on the watch list
and the no-fly list.
The situation was remedied
as soon as we found out.
Do you have any idea
why he was in L.A.?
Or who killed him?
I don't know why he was here,
but he betrayed
every member of PK.
If they knew
he was here in L.A.,
they wouldn't hesitate
one second
to go after him.
Long Beach PD has the witness.
They're gonna bring
her over here.
Straight TNT would've
blown up the whole drone.
This blast looks
more directional.
Stable.
Bet it's gonna come back
from the lab as Octol.
That makes sense, the charge
would have been small.
Be an easy payload
for a drone this size.
Yeah. What's the drone
telling you, Nell?
You don't walk into a hobby shop
and buy this sort of thing.
Three high-torque servos.
This thing is totally custom.
It would've looked
beautiful in the air.
Hobbyist, huh?
Any idea where it took off from?
Not yet.
See, there's
this HD camera attachment here
for the feed back to the pilot.
But I doubt there's any
onboard recording.
I may, however.
be able to track
the takeoff point
using the drone's
3G control system.
Great.
Take it back to Ops.
Good job.
Ms. Fisher?
Yes.
We're NCIS.
Agent Callen, Agent Hanna.
You have someone coming
to pick you up?
No.
Nobody knows I'm here.
I'm married.
And not to the guy that blew up.
Did you know
Antonis well?
Tony?
I mean a little.
I met him at the gym.
He didn't talk much,
didn't ask questions.
Just the strong,
silent type.
You know anyone like that?
What'd you see this morning?
Uh, sir, I didn't see anything.
Just the explosion.
Do you guys think I could
get Tony's phone back?
There might be some photos
on there I'd like to delete.
It was just a question.
You know, we've got a lot
of reporters out front.
I mean, I'm sure
they'd love to have
a chance to interview
an eyewitness.
Yeah, I think that's
good thinking.
Get her on the local news.
Shake the tree a little bit.
Maybe some other
witnesses come forward.
Let's do it.
Come on, guys. A little help?
You first.
Okay, look.
Tony went downstairs
to grab a coffee.
When he came back,
he was freaking out.
Said he needed to grab
his stuff and go.
And that's when
that crazy robo
killer flying bomb thing
came at him.
The whole thing was...
It was awful.
That's everything I saw.
It's all I know. I promise.
We're gonna hold you.
If your story checks out,
you'll be released.
Thank you.
I just don't want anyone to find
out I was here with Tony.
My husband's, like,
totally paranoid
that I'm cheating on him.
Hmm.
Wonder why?
She was telling
the truth.
Minas was down in the
lobby getting coffee
right before
the explosion.
Then he spotted someone
in a silver Nissan
across the driveway
and bolted.
Can you ID that driver?
I was able
to find him
from a second
security cam
and I ran him
through facial rec.
His name is Frank Kouris.
He's a Greek
national
that arrived here
five months ago
on a legit
passport.
He's also one of the people
that Minas turned on,
ID'd as a PK member.
Why wasn't he picked up
after Minas outed him?
FBI was searching
for him,
but he was in the wind.
All right.
Thanks, Eric.
Kouris was in L.A.
before Minas was.
If Kouris wasn't sent
here to kill Minas...
what did PK send him here to do?
I mean... you believe
they put a known terrorist
in witness protection
and just lost him?
Yeah, I do.
I've seen a lot of
crazy stuff happen
when, uh...
paperwork's involved.
What?
Nothing.
It's good for strength,
dexterity
and endurance...
Perfect for weak-hand
shooting drills.
What's your problem
with me wanting
to get better at a skill
that could potentially
save your life?
I don't have a problem with you
getting better at anything.
I merely question your need
to become proficient
at every new thing
you hear about.
You're the same way.
No, I'm not.
I am an expert at
certain skills--
skills that pertain
directly to this job.
So weak-hand shooting
doesn't pertain to this job?
No, it does. 100%.
I get it, but this is
just the latest stop
on the Sam Hanna World
Tour of Skill Acquisition.
Everything I learn
is valuable to me,
to the job and
to my partner.
That strange
breathing thing?
Ginástica Natural?
And me controlling
my breathing
and heart rate doesn't
benefit me in a gunfight?
The magic class.
It wasn't
a magic class.
It was restraint removal
in stressful situations.
You were handcuffed
in a box underwater.
It was tactical training.
Okay, Houdini,
how are you gonna explain
the bird thing, huh?
Falconry?
Let me guess,
you took the class
because your plan
is to deploy hawks
in our next hostage
situation.
Nah, raptors are just cool.
ERIC:
Hey, guys.
Kaleidoscope
just got a hit
on Kouris'
silver Nissan.
It's parked outside a
restaurant on Ventura.
NELL:
And I was able to isolate
the cell signal used
to control the drone.
I then triangulated
the first ping
to a garage in Long Beach.
That's where it launched from.
All right, we'll pick up Kouris.
Send Kensi and Deeks
down to Long Beach.
Got it.
Yeah.
It's a pretty good place
to launch a small drone.
Long Beach. The L-B-C.
Home of Snoop Dogg
and the Queen Mary.
My kind of town.
Oh, no. Forget about
that haunted ship.
Long Beach has
the El Dorado Skate Park.
You know what that is?
That's 15,000 feet
of smooth concrete
skateboarding bliss.
What is it with you
and skateboarding?
What do you mean?
I mean, I get
the surfing thing,
the ocean,
dolphins,
the Zen stuff, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah.
"Zen stuff, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah"?
But kicking
a board
down a dirty street
dodging cars?
Not interesting.
All right. But you and I,
skating a pool?
You know what I mean?
The wind in your hair,
flowing through
transitions?
You do that once,
I guarantee you,
you are gonna
be hooked.
Okay. I'll trust you.
I'll try it.
Why not?
Okay.
I mean, I feel like
you're messing with me,
but I'll... I'll set it up.
How hard
can it be?
I mean, you
can do it.
Federal agents!
Clear!
Kens.
(flies buzzing)
SAM:
There's Kouris' car.
Well, maybe he's in there
enjoying some moussaka.
Maybe he's meeting
with some PK members.
He's trained.
You don't want a guy
like that running.
Be best to box him in,
take him in the restaurant.
Lot of civilians in there.
You remember that sushi spot
in Thousand Oaks?
That'll work.
This time, we
switch roles.
Ah.
Table for one?
Excuse me, I need to speak
with your manager, please.
I am the
manager.
Oh, sir, pleasure
to meet you.
I'm Steve Bishop.
I am with the County
Health Inspector's Office.
Oh, we've already had
our inspection.
We got an "A" rating.
Yes.
I'm, uh, very well
aware of that.
That's, uh, why I'm here today.
I'm afraid
there has been
a small clerical error.
Clerical error?
You were given the wrong rating.
Oh, what... what happened?
I'm sorry, but I'm gonna need
to put the new sign up,
with your, uh, revised grade.
What kind of rating
are you giving us?
You received a "C."
Oh, oh...
And we're gonna need
to have you close this down
until everything is resolved.
Again, I-I-I'm
very sorry.
A "C," "C"?
Why a "C"?
We are always an "A."
The rating was given due to...
rodent infestation
of the food preparation area,
insect infestation
of the refrigerated area, mold
on and around...
Whoa, whoa. Excuse me.
Did you just say
there were rodents
and insects in the kitchen?
(chuckles)
Technically,
it was rodents in the kitchen,
insects in the refrigerator.
No...
What kind of rodents?
No rodents.
Rats.
I don't have
a good thing with rats.
WOMAN: Did he say "rats"?
Look, were these rats near
my food? Be straight with me.
No, no.
Wait. Wait.
Was it the brown ones
or the white ones?
CALLEN:
I really, uh, can't go
into specifics.
Not the ones with
the red eyes.
MANAGER:
No, no, no.
No rodents, no
rodents. Wait, wait.
Hey, red eyes ain't right.
Don't leave. Don't
leave. There's...
You see what
you did?
Get out of here.
What?
Now.
Take the busboy with you.
Come.
CALLEN:
Frank Kouris.
Want to tell us
what you're doing in L.A.?
The health inspectors in
America, they speak like cops.
Federal agents.
Weapons out.
On the ground.
Gun.
(gunshots)
I got these two. Go.
Get Kouris.
Federal agent!
Out of the way, out of the way.
(grunts)
(grunting)
You good?
I'm good.
What took you so long?
I mean, you just
had the one guy,
right?
Not in the mood.
My two guys are cuffed
to a table back there.
I also rounded up the busboy
and the manager for questioning.
I got hit with a can
of Turtle Wax.
You ever get hit
with a can
of Turtle Wax?
I didn't think so.
I come to Los Angeles
for a vacation.
I watch TMZ,
and it looks like fun place.
You entered the U.S.
five months ago
and you've been
underground since.
That does not sound like
much of a vacation to me.
Eh, that depend
on your frame of reference.
A guy that betrayed
your organization was blown up
while you were parked
right outside.
Explain that.
No, I don't have to.
In America, that is called,
uh, circumstantial evidence.
I also watch the Matlock.
That's a good point.
Besides, you didn't come here
five months ago to kill Minas.
You were here before he even
entered the country.
So I'm wondering,
what is PK
planning?
And why'd they send you here?
Nobody
send me anywhere.
Hey,
my friend,
do you know where I can get
a picture with Yanni?
(chuckles)
Yanni.
That's funny.
You and your two buddies
aren't talking. I get it.
None of you have anything
to lose.
Your nephew,
on the other hand,
just got accepted into Stanford.
CALLEN:
Impressive.
SAM:
Kid like that has
got a lot to lose.
Future's bright.
CALLEN:
You're in this
life already.
And you're going away
for a long time.
Why do you want to make us drag
your sister and your nephew
into this?
You-you don't talk
to my sister, okay?
She raised a good boy.
You leave him be.
PK wanted you in L.A.
for a reason
that had nothing to do
with Minas.
But when they found out
he was here,
you got the call to kill him.
What do you want to know?
SAM:
How did you
find Minas?
His weakness.
Okay, you want to track a man,
you find his weakness.
Minas loved women.
Yeah,
he always do.
My brothers, they find one
of his girlfriend in Athens
and they... convince her
to help us.
She knew he
was in L.A.?
Yeah, the idiot, he tell her
that he gonna fly her over
to see him
in a few months, so...
I track him to an apartment
and then I follow him
to that hotel where he hook up
with another girl there.
What apartment?
Some rat hole off of, um,
Washington.
Look, guys, that's all
that happened, huh?
That's it.
Yeah?
You left out the part
where you blew him up.
Minas deserved to die.
He-He's a man who is loyal
to the highest bidder.
We never expect
that he gonna be greedy
or so stupid
to betray us.
But, no, man,
I did not kill him.
PK did not kill him.
Someone beat us to it.
That's all.
You almost sound convincing.
Ah, come on.
I would never use explosive.
If I going to kill him,
I going to do it with a knife,
so I can see his eyes.
Hey, guys.
The body Kensi and Deeks found
at the location where the drone
was launched was just ID'd
as the owner of the building.
We're gonna dig into his past,
see if we find
any criminal ties.
All right, thanks, Nell.
No problem.
The owner could have been
working with Minas.
Either that or it was a case
of "wrong place
at the wrong time."
You buy what
Kouris just told us?
Guy like that?
Nah, he couldn't help himself.
If he did Minas,
he'd want us to know.
So, if PK didn't kill him,
who did?
I don't know.
But Kouris trailed Minas
to that apartment on Washington.
That's a good place to start.
So, how was it out in the
field with Callen and Sam?
Good.
Did you miss me?
Oh, every single
solitary second.
Come on, no one knows
those drones better than you.
I was happy to loan you out.
Loan me out?
Yeah, I own you now,
didn't you get the memo?
Oh, yeah, I got it.
Got to tell you,
I've always been a
little embarrassed
about those
aerobatics titles.
I mean, they're kind of nerdy.
Even for me.
Oh, please.
If that were me,
I'd have, like, a full-on
championship belt made.
Like, a sash with, like,
a crown and a scepter.
And, like, a ticker-tape...
(beep)
Chauvenet.
NELL:
Huh?
When Kouris said
that Minas would sell out
for the highest bidder,
I decided to run a search
though the database
of that, uh, Darknet site
that we took offline,
Chauvenet.
Mm-hmm.
There's a part
of the site
where you can hire
someone to commit crimes.
Minas had
an encrypted account.
Hmm, nice work, Bealeski.
Yeah.
And get this--
he was paid $50,000
in Bitcoins.
Okay, the whole
thing's encrypted,
but let me try
to find out who paid him.
So, Minas had
experience in plotting
successful terrorist attacks
against the United States.
Yeah, pretty small fraternity
of people who can claim that.
Exactly.
So, if he's offering his
services to the highest bidder,
don't you think
he could have earned
a little more than $50,000?
Hey, Deeks?
DEEKS:
Yeah.
Didn't Nell say that the drone
was made of carbon fiber?
Yes.
Well, I have bags of
carbon fiber here,
soldering iron, epoxy.
They didn't just
launch it from here,
drone was built here.
Something
doesn't add up.
Eric and Nell couldn't find
any criminal ties to the owner.
By all accounts, he's
an upstanding citizen.
So, what is it that's so
special about this place,
they had to break in and kill
the owner just to gain access?
I mean, there's lots
of empty garages around here.
Right, but the owner could
have surprised them, or, uh...
maybe the killer's
just sick.
Oh, that's
for sure, but...
Wait a minute.
What?
What do you got?
My buddy owns
a custom car shop.
He says that you can
form carbon fiber
into any shape, you just need
an oven to cure it.
Okay.
That's great, but the drone was
20 inches long.
You wouldn't need
an industrial oven this size.
Unless...
Put it down there.
Oh, you've got
to be kidding me.
You'd need an oven that big...
...if you were making...
(grunts)
...a much larger drone.
The drone that killed Minas
looked exactly like this,
except for it was smaller.
It's a scale model.
$50,000 is not a lot of money
to pay him to carry out
a terrorist attack,
but it's pretty good money
for a proof of concept.
And after he delivers the
full-scale drone to the buyer,
then they just use the original
proof of concept to kill him.
Close the loop.
Smart.
And all the evidence
leads back to Minas.
Who just happens
to also be the victim.
Question is-- who was
he building it for?
15-foot drone made
of carbon fiber?
Carry upwards of five
pounds of explosives.
Maybe more, depending
on the distance.
If it's loaded with five
pounds of that same stuff
that blew up Minas, they're
looking at a lot bigger target
and a lot more casualties.
Finding out who Minas
was working for
is our best shot
at finding the drone.
Here's the apartment where
Kouris said he followed him to.
(knocking)
Excuse me, we're doing some
painting in the neighborhood
and wanted to know
if you wanted a free estimate.
(muffled clattering)
He's headed out the back.
Head him off.
Federal agent.
Drop the gun.
Who was the guy
Callen and Sam had to take down?
His name's
Eric Swanson.
He's a member of
a fringe group
called Live
Free First.
And what's that?
It's a cult
based out of Cleburne, Texas.
It's run by this guy,
Rand Palmer.
Live Free First
is declaring war
on the ones
that control everything
from natural resources
to money.
In the past, countries
like the great United States
controlled these things.
Charismatic fella.
But today they're all
owned by corporations.
We're declaring war
on these corporations.
Palmer has stated
that he believes
the capitals of corporate greed
are New York and Los Angeles.
Looks like we
found out who Minas
was building the drone for.
Kensi and Deeks
just sent over images of the
carbon fiber molds.
And I put them in
a modeling program.
Minas attended
the University of Patras
studying aeronautics,
which explains his
impressive work.
Now, this drone
is most likely being
operated on a 3G connection
just like the one
that killed Minas.
Meaning that its range
is virtually unlimited,
and it could go on
as long as its fuel lasts.
We need to narrow the playing
field and find this thing.
(sighs)
We're not gonna be able to get
anything off the computers
inside the apartment.
They were smashed open
and the hard drives
were doused with
hydrochloric acid.
Mm.
I got nothing.
He's clean.
No phone.
They didn't have the finances
or the connections
to hack into a military drone.
Hiring Minas to build their own
was a pretty good option.
Live Free First didn't want any
links between them and Minas.
So they
pay him for proof of concept,
but then they kill him
before they have to pony up
for the real deal.
Minas had traitorous tendencies.
He showed that.
Maybe they didn't trust him.
It's a pretty good bet.
I got one of these.
It's a hiking watch.
It's got an
altimeter, compass.
Also tells you
where you went.
GPS. Nice.
The town is full of viable
targets for that drone.
Big events today at Staples
Center, Dodger Stadium and UCLA.
Not to mention malls,
studios, tourist spots.
It's a target-rich environment
for Live Free First
to start their war
on corporations.
I hate those things.
What-- cults or corporations?
Both. Well, cults more.
These guys
went to a lot
of trouble to hire Minas
to build that drone.
KENSI:
And now we're
closing in on them.
So, what would you do
if you were Palmer?
I would get that drone
in the air as soon as possible.
Kensi, you ready?
Yes, I downloaded
the app for the watch.
Here we go-- here's the GPS
data from this morning.
Swanson was at the Long Beach
garage, same time
as the explosion
at the hotel.
Probably piloting the drone
that killed Minas.
CALLEN:
Where did Swanson go
after the explosion?
That's the trail going to the
apartment where we found him.
Let's look at the old routes
from the past week.
Zoom in to the area
near Long Beach.
He went to
that place
a few times in the last week.
Looks like an
open space-- a field, maybe.
Let me check it out. Hang on.
City's building
a recycling plant there.
He's doing a recon.
Perfect place to launch a drone.
I'll alert the FAA
and Homeland.
Let's move.
Sitrep, Owen.
I assume you're not
referring to the drone.
There is no sign
that anyone on this team
is leaking your
planted information.
But we're still no closer
to finding our mole.
There they are.
MAN:
Boss, we got company.
I need more time.
Take care of 'em.
That's Palmer in the van!
SAM:
Drone's gaining speed!
It's taking off!
Pilot's in the van.
The drone is headed west.
It's not banking
towards downtown or Hollywood.
GRANGER:
They're going after
the South Shore Oil Refinery.
It's about as corporate
as you can get.
Alert the refinery and
get L.A. Fire rolling now.
Copy.
CALLEN: There's not gonna be
anything they can do.
The refinery
doesn't have systems
in place to stop a drone attack.
That's why it's
not gonna get there.
ERIC: Guys, if one of the
refinery's gas tanks blows up,
it'll most likely set off
a chain reaction.
How many kilotons
are we looking at?
Close to three kilotons
in a highly populated community.
Okay, in Texas City in 1947,
there was a 2.7
kiloton explosion
of ammonium nitrate and oil.
The blast leveled
1,000 buildings
and killed over 500 people.
CALLEN: Gun!
(gunfire)
SAM:
We're coming up
right behind you.
Nice shot, Deeks.
Kensi, you guys good?
Yeah, we're all good.
But I think the axle's busted.
Look out!
We can take them here.
Go! Get Palmer! Get Palmer!
Federal agent!
Turn around slowly!
You're already too late.
Drone's on its approach.
Let's burn in hell.
Palmer is down.
I got the drone's controller.
Callen, the drone's over
Seaside, headed
for the refinery.
You can't bring it down
over that area.
Too many civilians.
We could land it here
at this construction site.
There's plenty of empty land.
Can you control it?
I need some help here, Nell.
Okay, tell me exactly
what you see
on the tablet's screen.
Nothing. The screen is dead.
Okay, press your thumbs down
on the lower right and left-hand
corners of the screen
at the same time.
These are your control sticks.
We need to see if this tablet
is still operable.
Okay.
As soon as you do that,
autopilot is disengaged,
and you will be in complete
control of the drone.
All right, copy that.
Doing it now.
We're losing altitude.
Drone's dropping fast.
CALLEN:
Talk to me, Nell.
All right,
tilt the screen towards you.
Slowly.
Good news is you
just leveled out.
Bad news is I'm flying blind?
Yup. The screen's dead,
but the tablet is still alive.
The gyro is still
controlling the altitude.
All right,
how do I turn this thing?
Apply pressure
to the left thumb control.
Now, slowly bank it
to the right.
You're doing great.
It's turning.
Hold that line, Callen.
It's heading back towards
the construction site.
Dump it in the northeast corner
of the lot.
I have eyes on the drone.
I've lost control.
The gyro's not responding.
Drone's heading
towards the dock!
NELL:
The drone went offline.
Callen, we need to reconnect it.
Press down on both thumb keys
at the same time.
Now try the upper
left-hand corner.
Okay, I'm back online.
It's heading towards me,
but I...
I'm not controlling it.
The homing function was engaged
when the tablet
went back online.
It's coming for the tablet.
Blast radius?
100 feet.
GRANGER:
Callen?
Callen, do you copy?!
I'm good.
SAM:
All I'm saying is,
you had all those
acres of open land,
and you had to bring that thing
down right next to all of us.
It was full of explosives and
I was flying it blind.
(laughs)
Let's take the "it's gonna
blow the whole world up"
thing out of the equation.
Flying that drone was
pretty cool, right?
Don't.
Don't what?
Don't go out and buy
one of those things.
Nah, that's not my thing.
I was just curious how you
felt about it, that's all.
It was pretty cool.
That's what
I thought.
Mm-hmm.
So, I went
searching online.
We should get a
drone of our own.
Go in 50-50.
A drone of our own?
I hate robots,
any kind of robot.
Why do you think
I returned that-that
Roomba thing you gave me?
So, you don't want to join
a drone club, maybe enter
a competition, have a little
high-altitude family photo time?
(laughing)
How do you know
you weren't meant
to fly one of
these things?
Don't fight your destiny, G.
Don't fight it!
Granger said
you wanted to see me?
I do. Let's sit.
Okay.
It's been a long day.
Take a load off, Ms. Jones.
All right.
What you did today...
what you've consistently
been contributing,
has not gone... unnoticed.
Oh.
Well, I was just trying
to help the team.
Is this whiskey?
Pappy Van Winkle.
Oh, boy.
Wow.
I didn't think I liked whiskey.
For four generations,
the Van Winkles of Kentucky
have been making whiskey.
But not like anyone else,
they use wheat instead of rye.
Well, thank you for
sharing it with me.
I'm sure you're aware
that a multitude of
potential undercover agents
have come under my command
over the years.
Yes, ma'am.
Most of them viewed
their predecessors as road maps.
They read their résumés
as recipes to be followed.
But you've never
made an effort to do that.
No. No, I haven't.
But you still want
to do covert work?
Be an undercover agent?
Yes. More than anything, I do.
But you don't want to get there
doing it as it's been done?
I don't know if I can.
So, you'd risk
not attaining
the goal you hold most dear,
because you feel
compelled
to follow your own path?
(laughs)
I'm not big
or overwhelmingly athletic.
I'm not an amazing sniper.
To be honest with you, Hetty,
going in undercover scares me.
I'm never going
to be like
the others, and I know that.
I can't do the things that they
do in the way that they do them,
because... (sighs)
...I have to do them my way,
even if that means
never making it.
Amazing what happened...
when the Van Winkles
made whiskey... their way.
Hmm.
(footsteps approaching)
Drink up... Ms. Jones.
Yes, ma'am.
ERIC:
Hey, there's
my partner.
Nice flying, Nell.
You did the hard part.
Way to go, sister.
Thanks, lady.
Wait a second, is that...?
Am I seeing libations here?
My treat
for my team.
Good job.
There's, uh,
some Maker's
in my cabinet.
Maker's, huh?
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org